If you want to be extremely precise we should address these selectors as elements elect.
So if you're a stickler for names.
Here we go.
Keep in mind though at least in my opinion it is much more important to know how to use them not remember.
Every naming convention out there.
Well that being said once we have elements selectors now see us as tool belt.
CSX offer something really cool called Element grouping where we can combine multiple selectors while
we all use elements selectors as our example.
Please understand that you can group any features CSO selectors will cover in the future the same way.
So how selector grouping would work.
So let's say right now we have three selectors.
We have the heading One heading to and part and what we would want to do is let's say we would want
the whole text to be blue.
While you can say the simplest way would be very simple we could just select the body.
Since this is a tag and add colour blue so let's try this out maybe let me delete this and let's say
that instead of selecting adding one or paragraph we can just do body and we can use colour blue so
simple enough.
Let's see what happens now.
Sure enough at work.
Okay.
What about if I would just want the heading One and heading to to be.
Our paragraph should say no no no stay read or something like that.
So let's say the whole body is going to be read but then these two old want to be blue.
Well I can either select them specifically separately so I can say having one and having two or I can
just group them together.
In this case I can just say having one comma.
So that would be the syntax and having two is gonna be in a different color.
In our case let's say that it would be blue.
So I'm gonna again use the color blue and the Mon we say would notice what AB so both of the selectors
that we have if we group them together.
Both of them have the same property we have the same value.
So this is that we can use grouping selectors in C assess.